README.md, before:

# Dotfiles 2.0!

This project is the result of many hours of ricing to make the perfect Xmonad setup

(at least for my standards).

## Index

- [Screenshots](https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0/edit/main/README.md#screenshots)

- [Info](https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0/edit/main/README.md#info)

- [Packages](https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0/edit/main/README.md#extra-packages)

- [Installation](https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0/edit/main/README.md#installation)


## Screenshots
![desktop](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99632976/224847936-71419083-59f4-4f63-b3c5-4f332d624904.png)

## Info
This configuration is based off [Axarva](https://github.com/Axarva/dotfiles-2.0)s rice with quite a few alterations.

THIS CONFIGURATION IS FOR ARCH LINUX ONLY!!! (might work for arch-based systems but untested).

This rice is configured for dual monitors stacked vertically, However it should work with any layout as long as you are willing to configure the tint2conf to fix any graphical issues.


## Extra Packages

- Cava (Terminal Music Visualizer)

- zsh terminal with [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh) and the [auto-suggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions) plugin.

- neofetch

- Librewolf (better firefox)

- *to be expanded*

## Installation

1. Go to Axarva's configuration linked in [Info](https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0/edit/main/README.md#info) and follow the "main" branch installation proccess.

2. *yet to be added*

Commit message:

process to install terminal setup with picom

README.md, after:

# Dotfiles 2.0!

This project is the result of many hours of ricing to make the perfect Xmonad setup

(at least for my standards).

## Index

- [Screenshots](https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0/edit/main/README.md#screenshots)

- [Info](https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0/edit/main/README.md#info)

- [Packages](https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0/edit/main/README.md#extra-packages)

- [Installation](https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0/edit/main/README.md#installation)


## Screenshots
![desktop](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/99632976/224847936-71419083-59f4-4f63-b3c5-4f332d624904.png)

## Info
This configuration is based off [Axarva](https://github.com/Axarva/dotfiles-2.0)s rice with quite a few alterations.

THIS CONFIGURATION IS FOR ARCH LINUX ONLY!!! (might work for arch-based systems but untested).

This rice is configured for dual monitors stacked vertically, However it should work with any layout as long as you are willing to configure the tint2conf to fix any graphical issues.


## Extra Packages

- Cava (Terminal Music Visualizer)

- zsh terminal with [oh-my-zsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh) and the [auto-suggestions](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions) plugin.

- neofetch

- Librewolf (better firefox)

- *to be expanded*

## Installation

If you just want to get my terminal here are the instructions:

1. Install kitty `sudo pacman -S kitty`

2. Download this github repository or use `git clone https://github.com/Alllusive/dotfiles-2.0` (requires `git`)

3. If downloaded from the repo, unzip the file.

4. Copy the kitty folder to `~/.config`

5. You should now have a `kitty` folder in `~/.config`

6. Install picom `sudo pacman -S picom`

7. Copy `picom.conf` from dotfiles-2.0/picom-simple into `~/.config`

8. If you want window rounding, Open the file in a text editor and uncomment `corner-radius = 12;`

9. Using your window/desktop managers config, setup to run `picom` at startup.

10. Make sure to change your default terminal for your WM/DE to kitty.

11. Enjoy!
